('therefor , in thi studi , ambulatori blood pressur prove to be superior to clinic measur for cardiovascular risk stratification. howev , the routin use of ambulatori blood pressur monitor is not current recommend , mainli becaus of a lack of outcom trial base on the treatment of ambulatori blood pressur levels. ( c ) 2001 by le jacq commun , inc . ', '2', 1)
('Adjust of antihypertens treatment base on ABP monitor instead of CBP measur led to less intens drug treatment with preserv of blood pressur control , gener well-b , and inhibit of left ventricular enlarg but did not reduc the overal cost of antihypertens treatment . ', '2', 1)
('The present studi which prospect investig the relat between ambulatori blood pressur and first symptomat stroke risk in a gener popul demonstr that ( i ) ambulatori blood pressur valu were linearli relat to stroke risk ; ( ii ) ambulatori blood pressur had the stronger predict power for stroke risk than did screen blood pressur ; and ( iii ) daytim blood pressur better relat to stroke risk than did night-tim blood pressur . ', '2', 0)
('cardiovascular risk for subject with normal abp seem to be lower than that for those with abnorm high abp. long-term observ and intervent studi concern subject with white-coat hypertens are needed. ( abst ', '1', 0)
('In our studi , ABPM wa found to be more sensit than OBPM in term of identifi hypertens in potenti renal transplant donor . ', '3', 1)
('the result suggest good intra-individu correl and reproduc in ambulatori blood pressur monitor , suggest thi method to be use in the monitor of individu blood pressur levels. the valid of the method is good and the publish refer valu can be appli with reason reliabl in differ populations. in an adult popul with normal blood pressur , no correl between left ventricl mass and blood pressur valu can be found , suggest thi correl may first appear in cohort includ person with elev blood pressur valu . ', '1', 1)
('In placebo-control trial allylamin , azol and undeceno acid were efficacious. There are suffici compar trial to judg rel efficaci onli between allylamin and azoles. Allylamin cure slightli more infect than azol but are much more expensive. The most cost-effect strategi is first to treat with azol or undeceno acid and to use allylamin onli if that fail . ', '3', 2)
('Allylamin , azol , and undeceno acid were efficaci in placebo control trials. There are suffici compar trial to judg rel efficaci onli between allylamin and azoles. Allylamin cure slightli more infect than azol but are much more expens than azoles. The most cost effect strategi is first to treat with azol or undeceno acid and to use allylamin onli if that fail . ', '3', 2)
('at week 8 the efficaci analysi in 117 patient with mycolog confirm dermatophyt infect ( 51 on terbinafin , 66 on itraconazol ) show that clinic symptom were absent or minim in 94.1 % of the terbinafin and 72.7 % of the itraconazol group ( p = 0.0095 ) ; mycolog wa neg in 86.3 % of the terbinafin and 54.5 % of the itraconazol group ( p = 0.0002 ) . with terbinafin , neg mycolog at week 8 wa 81.3 % in the interdigit and 88.6 % in the more extens form of tinea pedi ; with itraconazol mycolog wa neg in 65.0 % and 50.0 % of patient , respectively. ( abstract truncat at 250 word ) ', '2', 0)
('the antifung efficaci and pharmacokinet profil of these drug allow shorter durat of treatment and the innov use of intermitt puls regimens. the modern formul fulli meet the requir of be well toler , involv littl risk and act specif against relev pathogens. howev , the respons rate to date do not alway come up to the high expect offer by in vitro studi . ', '2', 2)
('For treat shoulder girdl disord , manipul seem to be the prefer treatment. For the synovi disord , corticosteroid inject seem the best treatment . ', '1', 0)
("they also show statist signific improv compar with placebo-tr patient , accord to investig ' overal assess at all time periods. most patient show improv within three to four day of treatment. flurbiprofen wa both well toler and effect for the relief of pain caus by bursiti or tendin of the shoulder . ", '3', 0)
('multipl linear regress analysi show that naproxen and triamcinolon treatment account for onli 16 % of the variat in outcom , compar with 44 % account for by the clinic index prior to treatment. thu , patient with a poor pretreat clinic index ( those with the most room for improv ) were least like to improve. we conclud that both triamcinolon ( p = 0.00005 ) and naproxen ( p = 0.02 ) are superior to placebo in the treatment of the pain shoulder . ', '3', 0)
('a prospect doubl blind placebo control studi wa carri out to compar the effect of subacromi inject of triamcinolon and oral diclofenac in patient with rotat cuff tendin over a 4-week period. both form of treatment were superior to placebo in reduc pain , improv activ abduct and reduc function limitation. triamcinolon show the greatest effect in these respect , and wa significantli superior to diclofenac when patient show improv in all 3 variabl togeth ( respond ) were consid . ', '3', 0)
('When quality-of-lif prefer of men are consid , the annual screen of asymptomat patient for prostat cancer is not recommend . ', '0', 1)
('although men age 50 to 70 year will potenti benefit the most from psa screen , thi benefit will not be realiz until these men are in their seventh and eighth decad of life. societi must decid if the year of life save in these men warrant the use of it limit health care resources. thi decis will be easier when random , control trial are avail to quantifi the cost and benefit of psa screen . ', '3', 2)
("Radic prostatectomi and radiat therapi may benefit select group of patient with local prostat cancer , particularli younger patient with higher-grad tumors. Howev , our model show that in most case the potenti benefit of therapi are small enough that the choic of therapi is sensit to the patient 's prefer for variou outcom and discounting. The choic of watch wait is a reason altern to invas treatment for mani men with local prostat carcinoma . ", '2', 0)
('data suggest that screen often detect what may be indol , nonaggress prostat cancer. the treatment of such a cancer with radiat or radic prostatectomi can result in signific morbid , includ urinari incontin and impot , without a proven decreas in mortality. evid from random clinic trial in support of routin psa screen is urgent need . ', '0', 1)
('Docus sodium solut is a more effect ceruminolyt than triethanolamin polypeptid , allow complet or partial visual of the tympan membran in most patient after a singl applic when follow with irrigation. Use of docus sodium as a ceruminolyt should be encourag , particularli in children . ', '3', 0)
('In conclus , the evid from the 51 trial includ in thi review suggest that NSAID are effect for short-term symptomat relief in patient with acut low back pain. Furthermor , there doe not seem to be a specif type of NSAID which is clearli more effect than others. Suffici evid on chronic low back pain is still lack . ', '3', 1)
('Bed rest compar to acvic to stay activ will at best have small effect , and at worst might have small harm effect on acut LBP. Differ in effect of advic to stay in bed compar with advic to stay activ are small for patient with low back pain with or without sciatica. There is not an import differ in the effect of bed rest compar with exercis in the treatment of acut low back pain , or seven day compar with two to three day of bed rest in patient with low back pain of differ durat with and without radiat pain . ', '1', 3)
('In conclus , the evid from the 51 trial includ in thi review suggest that NSAID are effect for short-term symptomat relief in patient with acut low back pain. Furthermor , there doe not seem to be a specif type of NSAID which is clearli more effect than others. Suffici evid on chronic low back pain is still lack . ', '3', 1)
('Whether epidur steroid are effect in common low back pain and sciatica can not be determin base on our review . ', '1', 3)
('the efficaci of epidur steroid inject ha not been established. the benefit of epidur steroid inject , if ani , seem to be of short durat only. futur research effort are warrant , but more attent should be paid to the method of the trial . ', '1', 1)
('In acut back pain , exercis therapi is ineffect , wherea in subacut back pain , exercis with a grade activ program , and in chronic back pain , intens exercis , deserv attention. More research on McKenzi therapi , on exercis with a grade activ program , and on differ type of exercis in patient with chronic back pain is necessari . ', '0', 0)
('There is certainli a need for correctli execut trials. In futur research on the effect of chiropract , guidelin for uniform execut and report of RCT should first be establish to enabl subsequ statist pool in systemat review of chiropract trial . ', '1', 0)
('Cyclobenzaprin is more effect than placebo in the manag of back pain ; the effect is modest and come at the price of greater advers effects. The effect is greatest in the first 4 day of treatment , suggest that shorter cours may be better. Studi compar the rel valu of acetaminophen , nonsteroid anti-inflammatori drug , and cyclobenzaprin individu and in combin in the treatment of back pain are need . ', '2', 0)
('while histori , physic examin , methacholin inhal challeng ( mic ) , and epm yield the most frequent true posit result , mic wa fals posit 22 % of the time in predict that asthma wa the caus of cough. laboratori test wa particularli use in rule out suspect possibilities. we conclud that the anatom diagnost protocol is still valid and that it ha well-defin strength and limit . ', '2', 3)
('histori , physic examin , and methacholin inhal challeng diagnos diseas in 86 % of all patients. adjust success rate for specif therapi , and averag of 4.4 and 18.9 month after therapi had been prescrib , were 98 % and 97 % , respectively. we conclud the follow about chronic persist cough ; use an anatom , diagnost protocol , the caus can be consist determin ; postnas drip and/or bronchial asthma are veri common caus of cough ; the outcom of specif therapi , almost without except , is success and sustain . ', '2', 1)
('A care taken histori with detail question of the charact , time , and complic of chronic cough is not like to be use in diagnos the caus of cough. The caus can be determin and success treat with specif therapi in the greatest major of cases. Chronic cough is often caus by multipl , simultan contribut causes. Postnas drip syndrom , asthma , and gastroesophag reflux diseas remain the 3 most common caus of chronic cough and there is a clinic profil that nearli alway predict their presenc in immunocompet patient . ', '0', 2)
('spirometri and/or bronchial inhal challeng wa perform in 87 patients. previous undiagnos asthma wa discov in 39 patient by these means. pulmonari function test ha diagnost valu in thi popul , but bronchoscopi is of limit valu in determin the caus of isol chronic cough . ', '1', 0)
("treatment adjust for noncompli wa not alway a success. while all patient with ha improv , 8 percent of patient without ha or specif diagnosi did not have an improv in their cough upon retrospect inquiry. base on thi analysi , we find that the diagnosi and treatment of cough may not be as success as origin report use irwin 's approach . ", '0', 7)
('A sequenti approach to chronic cough that emphas initi treatment with an antihistamine-decongest is effective. Bronchoprovoc challeng is use in evalu patient with chronic cough but can be delay until the initi respons to antihistamine-decongest therapi ha been assessed. The 18 % incid of recurr highlight the fact that cough often is the manifest of a chronic or recur process that requir chronic or episod therapi . ', '2', 0)
('Symptom of reflux are common among white men and women who are 25-74 year of age. Heartburn and acid regurgit are significantli associ with chest pain , dysphagia , dyspepsia , and globu sensation. The percentag of patient report complic is low , but the absolut number is probabl consider given the high preval of the condit in the commun . ', '1', 0)
('the age of the begin of diarrhoea vari from 2 day to 12 year , but wa more than 16 month onli in some case with auto-immun enteropathy. conclus : intract diarrhoea ha a low preval in itali and remain a rare but veri intric problem. long-term pn is recommend in most case : autoimmun enteropathi is the most frequent caus but in about half of the case the aetiopathogenet diagnosi is still not defin . ', '1', 1)
('coeliac diseas wa consid in 55 % of children and establish in 8 % , clearli identifi those requir a gluten free diet. thi also emphasis the import role of the biopsi procedur in the exclus of specif diseases. proxim small intestin mucos biopsi is an essenti investig in children with chronic diarrhoea in whom an enteropathi is suspect . ', '1', 1)
('The major caus of fecal neutrophil in patient with chronic diarrhea is chronic inflammatori bowel diseas of the colon. The latex agglutin test for fecal lactoferrin offer a highli sensit , specif , and simpl mean for detect of fecal neutrophil in these patient . ', '3', 1)
('the posit predict valu of elev of ani assay peptid wa < 2 % at realist preval rate for peptide-secret tumor ; the neg predict valu of a seri of normal result wa > 99 % , but much of thi wa due to the rariti of these tumors. patient with chronic diarrhea should not be screen routin with a panel of plasma peptid assay in an effort to detect tumor ; instead , peptid level should be order selectively. elev fast concentr of the plasma peptid measur in thi studi are most like epiphenomena due to diarrhea and should not be the sole basi for invas diagnost or surgic manag of these patient . ', '0', 4)
('treatment requir good eyelid hygien and the applic of topic antibiot as determin by culture. allerg conjunct is distinguish by sever itch and allergen exposure. thi condit is gener treat with topic antihistamin , mast-cel stabil or anti-inflammatori agent . ', '1', 0)
('about the time that experiment and clinic studi and algorithm for the clinic care deriv from these studi help shape a more rigor approach to therapy. those year saw the introduct of antibiot that were adapt for ophthalm use , mani of which are still be use today. we will give more weight to our review of kerat than conjunct . ', '1', 0)
('treatment with antibiot wa , howev , associ with significantli better rate of clinic remiss ( day 2 to 5 : rel risk ( rr ) = 1.31 , 95 % ci = 1.11-1.55 ) , with a suggest that thi benefit wa maintain for late clinic remiss ( day 6 to 10 : rr = 1.27 , 95 % ci = 1.00-1.61 ) . acut bacteri conjunct is frequent a self-limit condit but the use of antibiot is associ with significantli improv rate of earli clinic remiss , and earli and late microbiolog remission. sinc trial to date have been conduct in select specialist care patient popul , generalis of these result to a primari care-bas popul should be undertaken with a degre of caution . ', '3', 0)
('Acut bacteri conjunct is frequent a self-limit condit but the use of antibiot is associ with significantli improv rate of earli clinic remiss and earli and late microbiolog remission. Sinc trial to-dat have been conduct in select specialist care patient popul these result may not necessarili be generalis to a primari care base population. A trial base in primari care design to assess the cost-effect of commonli prescrib antibiot ( s ) versu placebo in acut bacteri conjunct is warrant . ', '3', 3)
('by 8 to 10 day , 31 ( 91 % ) of the patient given antibiot and 23 ( 72 % ) of the placebo group were cure ( p = ns ) . the bacteri pathogen wa erad by day 3 to 5 in 71 % and by day 8 to 10 in 79 % of patient given antibiot , compar to 19 % and 31 % of the placebo group ( p less than 0.001 ) . acut bacteri conjunct is a self-limit diseas , but topic antibiot therapi with polymyxin-bacitracin shorten the durat of clinic diseas and enhanc erad of the caus organ from the conjunctiva . ', '3', 0)
('Acut bacteri conjunct is frequent a self-limit condit but the use of antibiot is associ with significantli improv rate of earli clinic remiss and earli and late microbiolog remission. Sinc trial to-dat have been conduct in select specialist care patient popul these result may not necessarili be generalis to a primari care base population. A trial base in primari care design to assess the cost-effect of commonli prescrib antibiot ( s ) versu placebo in acut bacteri conjunct is warrant . ', '3', 3)
('Acut bacteri conjunct is frequent a self-limit condit but the use of antibiot is associ with significantli improv rate of earli clinic remiss and earli and late microbiolog remission. Sinc trial to-dat have been conduct in select specialist care patient popul these result may not necessarili be generalis to a primari care base population. A trial base in primari care design to assess the cost-effect of commonli prescrib antibiot ( s ) versu placebo in acut bacteri conjunct is warrant . ', '3', 3)
('treatment with antibiot wa , howev , associ with significantli better rate of clinic remiss ( day 2 to 5 : rel risk ( rr ) = 1.31 , 95 % ci = 1.11-1.55 ) , with a suggest that thi benefit wa maintain for late clinic remiss ( day 6 to 10 : rr = 1.27 , 95 % ci = 1.00-1.61 ) . acut bacteri conjunct is frequent a self-limit condit but the use of antibiot is associ with significantli improv rate of earli clinic remiss , and earli and late microbiolog remission. sinc trial to date have been conduct in select specialist care patient popul , generalis of these result to a primari care-bas popul should be undertaken with a degre of caution . ', '3', 0)
('the treatment schedul wa equal effect for both group of patients. no differ between the two group wa seen in number of recurr , postop pain , heal time , and rate of scar format ( p greater than 0.1-0.2 ) . treatment of recalcitr condylomata acuminata with the carbon dioxid laser did not offer ani advantag over tradit surgeri , includ electrocauteri . ', '0', 3)
('after wart clearanc the cumul recurr rate were 18 % for surgic excis and 43 % for podophyllin at 3 month ( p less than 0.05 ) , 22 % and 56 % at 6 month ( p less than 0.01 ) , 26 % and 56 % at 9 month ( p less than 0.01 ) , and 29 % and 65 % at 12 month ( p less than 0.01 ) . all patient were treat as outpati and all surgic procedur were carri out under local anaesthesia. both regimen were well toler . ', '1', 0)
('in contrast , hpv dna sequenc could not be detect in ani of the nine case of micropapillomatosis. immunoperoxidas studi perform on these lesion fail to demonstr viral capsid antigen. thu , despit certain similar in the clinic present and microscop featur of condyloma and squamou micropapilloma , it is not clear at present whether micropapilloma are hpv-relat lesion . ', '1', 3)
('wart volum and durat did not influenc treatment outcome. respons to therapi wa greater in women than in men , and did not differ by treatment modality. electrodesicc and cryotherapi were more effect than podophyllin for the treatment of extern genit wart , but none of these three treatment were highli success . ', '2', 4)
('there wa no signific differ in respons to treatment , side effect , or recurr rate between the two treatments. wart resolv in 81 % of patient treat with tcaa compar with 88 % of those treat with cryotherapy. earli recurr occur in 36 % of patient treat with tcaa and in 39 % of those treat with cryotherapi . ', '1', 4)
('In thi studi we found that cryotherapi ( use liquid nitrogen ) is more effect than that of trichloracet acid for the treatment of extern genit warts. It is also less like to caus ulcer . ', '3', 0)
('revis section describ the evalu of urethr and the diagnost evalu of congenit syphilis. these guidelin also includ expand section concern std among infant , children , and pregnant women and the manag of patient who have asymptomat human immunodefici viru infect , genit wart , and genit herpes. guidelin are provid for vaccine-prevent std , includ recommend for the use of hepat a and hepat b vaccin . ', '1', 0)
("of the 95 subject treat with surgeri , 13 ( 14 per cent ) had surgery-rel complic , all of which were readili manag or self-limited. these result warrant the elect of tonsillectomi for children meet the trial ' stringent elig criteria , but also provid support for nonsurg management. treatment for such children must therefor be individu . ", '2', 0)
('Our studi show limit and short-term efficaci of both adenoidectomi and adenotonsillectomi ; given the risk , morbid , and cost of these procedur , these data suggest that neither oper should ordinarili be consid as a first surgic intervent in children whose onli indic is recurr acut otiti media . ', '0', 1)
('an execut summari , algorithm , and tabl highlight the major recommendations. indic of qualiti will assist in guidelin implementation. the guidelin will be list on the idsa home page at http : //www.idsociety.org . ', '1', 0)
('the medic intervent studi involv antibiot , steroid , and antihistamine/decongest therapies. the surgic intervent studi involv myringotomi with insert of tympanostomi tube , adenoidectomi , and tonsillectomy. short-term outcom address are resolut of effus and restor of hear . ', '1', 0)
('Our studi show limit and short-term efficaci of both adenoidectomi and adenotonsillectomi ; given the risk , morbid , and cost of these procedur , these data suggest that neither oper should ordinarili be consid as a first surgic intervent in children whose onli indic is recurr acut otiti media . ', '0', 1)
('an execut summari , algorithm , and tabl highlight the major recommendations. indic of qualiti will assist in guidelin implementation. the guidelin will be list on the idsa home page at http : //www.idsociety.org . ', '1', 0)
('the medic intervent studi involv antibiot , steroid , and antihistamine/decongest therapies. the surgic intervent studi involv myringotomi with insert of tympanostomi tube , adenoidectomi , and tonsillectomy. short-term outcom address are resolut of effus and restor of hear . ', '1', 0)
('Our studi show limit and short-term efficaci of both adenoidectomi and adenotonsillectomi ; given the risk , morbid , and cost of these procedur , these data suggest that neither oper should ordinarili be consid as a first surgic intervent in children whose onli indic is recurr acut otiti media . ', '0', 1)
('The effect of tonsillectomi ha not been formal evaluated. Further trial address relev outcom measur are requir . ', '1', 1)
('The recurr of low back pain is common. Sever disabl is rare. Patient who had sought care from chiropractor are more like to return for recurr than patient who had initi sought care from MD . ', '1', 0)
('The clinic cours of low back pain present in gener practic , for the most patient , clearli is less favour than expected. It take more than just a few week to recov , and relaps occur within a year in most cases. Fortun , both the pain and the disabl quickli diminish , even if the low back pain doe not resolv within a few week . ', '1', 2)
('Among patient with acut low back pain , the outcom are similar whether they receiv care from primari care practition , chiropractor , or orthoped surgeons. Primari care practition provid the least expens care for acut low back pain . ', '1', 0)
('The result are consist with the interpret that 90 % of patient with low back pain in primari care will have stop consult with symptom within three months. Howev most will still be experienc low back pain and relat disabl one year after consult . ', '1', 0)
('The recoveri rate from acut low back pain wa much higher than report in other studies. Those studi , howev , did not investig group of patient enrol shortli after the onset of symptom and often mix acut low back pain patient with patient with exacerb of chronic pain or sciatica. Sever sociodemograph and clinic factor were of prognost valu in acut low back pain. Factor which influenc the outcom in term of episod recoveri ( mainli physic sever factor ) were onli partli predict of absente from work. Time off work and return to work depend more on sociodemograph and job relat influenc . ', '1', 1)
('excess mortal in the clofibrate-tr group wa much greater dure the " treatment period " ( there wa an excess of 47 % dure treatment compar with 5 % after treatment had end ) and wa due to a wide varieti of caus other than ihd. thu , the excess mortal in the clofibrate-tr group ha not continu after the end of treatment. the substanti excess previous report remain unexplain . ', '1', 1)
('Serum triglycerid concentr ha prognost valu , both for assess coronari heart diseas risk and in predict the effect of gemfibrozil treatment , especi when use in combin with HDL-C and LDL-C . ', '3', 0)
('the declin in incid in the gemfibrozil group becam evid in the second year and continu throughout the study. there wa no differ between the group in the total death rate , nor did the treatment influenc the cancer rates. the result are in accord with two previou trial with differ pharmacolog agent and indic that modif of lipoprotein level with gemfibrozil reduc the incid of coronari heart diseas in men with dyslipidemia . ', '3', 4)
('Lovastatin reduc the risk for the first acut major coronari event in men and women with averag TC and LDL-C level and below-averag HDL-C levels. These find support the inclus of HDL-C in risk-factor assess , confirm the benefit of LDL-C reduct to a target goal , and suggest the need for reassess of the Nation Cholesterol Educ Program guidelin regard pharmacolog intervent . ', '3', 0)
('Treatment with pravastatin significantli reduc the incid of myocardi infarct and death from cardiovascular caus without advers affect the risk of death from noncardiovascular caus in men with moder hypercholesterolemia and no histori of myocardi infarct . ', '3', 2)
('With few except , the avail oral antidiabet agent are equal effect at lower glucos concentrations. Their mechan of action are differ , howev , and as a result they appear to have distinct metabol effects. These are reflect in their advers effect profil and their effect on cardiovascular risk , which may influenc drug choic . ', '1', 0)
('the scenario also highlight some of the difficulti in choos the optim pharmacolog treatment regimen for individu patients. physician should also recogn that type 2 diabet is a multisystem disord that requir multidisciplinari care , includ educ and ongo counsel for effect patient self-manag of the disease. final , patient prefer are a vital compon of inform decis make for pharmacolog treatment of diabet . ', '1', 0)
('Rosiglitazon may be associ with hepatocellular injury. We believ that patient receiv rosiglitazon should have liver enzym level monitor earlier and more frequent than initi recommend . ', '0', 0)
('Rosiglitazon may be associ with hepat failur . ', '0', 0)
('urinari albumin excret decreas significantli in the rosiglitazon ( 4 mg bd ) group. there wa no increas in advers event with rosiglitazone. in the short-term , rosiglitazon is an insulin sensit that is effect and safe as monotherapi in patient with type 2 diabet who are inadequ control by lifestyl intervent . ', '3', 2)
('Our data suggest that combin treatment with once-daili metformin-rosiglitazon improv glycem control , insulin sensit , and beta-cel function more effect than treatment with metformin alon . ', '3', 0)
('Overal , the combin of rosiglitazon and a sulphonylurea wa safe , well toler and effect in patient with Type 2 diabet . ', '3', 0)
('The addit of RSG to insulin treatment result in signific improv in glycem control and is gener well toler . ', '3', 0)
('Pioglitazon monotherapi significantli improv HbA1c and FPG while produc benefici effect on serum lipid in patient with type 2 diabet with no evid of drug-induc hepatotox . ', '3', 3)
('In patient with type 2 diabet , pioglitazon plu sulfonylurea significantli improv HbA1C and fast plasma glucos level with benefici effect on serum triglycerid and HDL-cholesterol level . ', '3', 0)
('In thi studi in patient with type 2 diabet mellitu , pioglitazon + metformin significantli improv HbA1c and FPG level , with posit effect on serum lipid level and no evid of drug-induc hepatotoxicity. These effect were maintain for > 1.5 year , includ the open-label extens . ', '3', 2)
('Our modifi 3-day rule for use in select case for stool cultur is sensit to sporad and epidem case of nosocomi diarrhea in hospit adult . ', '1', 0)
('Clinic sign use in assess of level of dehydr were agreed. Admiss to a paediatr facil is advis for children who show sign of dehydration. For those with mild to moder dehydr , estim deficit is replac over four hour with oral rehydr solut ( glucos base , 200-250 mOsm/l ) given " littl and often " . A nasogastr tube should be use if fluid is refus and normal feed start follow rehydration. Children at high risk of dehydr should be observ to ensur at least mainten fluid is tolerated. Manag of more sever dehydr is detailed. Antidiarrho medic is not indic . ', '1', 1)
('half of patient with rotaviru diarrhoea requir admiss to hospital. unlik rotaviru diarrhoea in children , the occurr of rotavirus-posit case did not show a signific winter seasonality. rotaviru infect should be includ in the differenti diagnosi of diarrhoeal diseas in adult . ', '1', 4)
('In addit to the presenc of convent enteropathogen , diarrheagen E. coli ( HEp-2 cell-adher E. coli , enterohemorrhag E. coli , enteropathogen E. coli and enterotoxigen E. coli ) were associ with endem pediatr diarrhea in the US . ', '1', 0)
('thi paper review the health servic literatur regard care for gastroenter in children. unit state health care util , use of oral rehydr therapi ( ort ) , and qualiti of care consider are described. the literatur suggest that some us children may receiv too much care while other may not be get enough and that physician practic continu to differ from expert recommend . ', '1', 2)
('both tablet were formul to deliv 50 mg of element iron. the incid of advers effect wa found to be significantli greater among 272 subject take the convent tablet than among 271 subject take the wax-matrix preparation. eighty-on percent of the subject take the wax-matrix prepar experienc no sever or moder side effect as compar with onli 50 % of those take the convent tablet . ', '2', 1)
('similarli , the proport of patient improv their percentag satur of transferrin to within the normal rang wa significantli better in group 1 and 3 than in group 2 ( p < .01 ) . howev , bodi iron store , reflect in serum ferritin level , wa significantli better in group 1 ( p < .01 ) ; there wa no differ in thi respect between group 2 and 3. ( abstract truncat at 250 word ) ', '2', 1)
('a relev differ between the trival ferric-dextrin complex and the two bival iron prepar could not be detect on evalu of the paramet measur except for a moder increas in the transaminas valu in the patient group who receiv the fe ( ii ) -sulfat preparation. no differ were found among the prepar with respect to tolerance. the result are discuss with respect to a possibl overload of the iron transport system by highli absorpt fe ( ii ) -prepar . ', '1', 3)
('the 10-fold larger amount of fe result in a mean 1.5-fold increas in estim fe absorption. both regimen correct anemia but neither replenish storag fe. these result suggest that the princip advantag to the use of carbonyl fe would deriv from it safeti rather than from the larg dose that can be given . ', '2', 2)
('mean valu for hemoglobin concentr , mean corpuscular volum , correct reticulocyt count , platelet count , serum iron , total iron-bind capac , transferrin satur or erythrocyt protoporphyrin did not differ significantli between the two group throughout the study. after 16 week of therapi , the mean increas in hemoglobin iron wa similar in both group ( p = 0.2 ) . estim of net chang in total bodi iron suggest that the overal bioavail of carbonyl iron wa high , about 70 % that of ferrou sulfat . ', '2', 2)
("twelve-step facilit , cognit behavior , and motiv enhanc therapi have produc sustain drink reduct in patient with alcohol dependence. pharmacolog therapi , such as naltrexon and acampros , have been effect in decreas alcohol consumpt when provid along with psychosoci counsel in patient with alcohol dependence. the current review highlight the applic of these new therapi to primari care physician ' effort on behalf of their patient with alcohol problem . ", '1', 0)
('of 70 patient ( 35 placebo ; 35 naltrexon ) who met an a priori definit of complianc ( 80 % tablet consumpt , attend at all follow-up appoint ) , those alloc to naltrexon report consum half the amount of alcohol ( p : < 0.05 ) , had greater median reduct in serum ggt activ ( p : < 0.05 ) , and greater reduct in alcohol crave ( ocd total score : p : < 0.05 ; obsess subscal score : p : < 0.05 ) , compar to patient in the placebo group. use of naltrexon rais no safeti concerns. naltrexon is effect in treat alcohol dependence/abus in conjunct with psychosoci therapi , in patient who compli with treatment . ', '3', 1)
('In thi preliminari investig , treatment of alcohol depend with our model of naltrexon and counsel by primari care provid appear to be both feasibl and effect . ', '3', 0)
("Due to the limit evid , the follow conclus should be view as tentative. NTX ha some benefit for patient with alcohol depend , but patient ' adher to treatment should be of concern. Psychosoci treatment should be concurr given with NTX. The optim durat of NTX treatment is not yet known. Although NTX is avail for treat alcohol depend in mani countri , in the respect of cost-effect , disulfiram should still remain as an alternative. Due to the dearth of evid , at present , the combin of NTX and disulfiram or NMF alon should not be use in everyday clinic practice. Randomis , double-blind , placebo-control trial of NTX treatment in patient with alcohol depend ", '1', 3)
('Some but not all of the benefit result from short-term naltrexon treatment persist after discontinu of treatment. The find suggest that continu treatment with naltrexon may be benefici for some patient . ', '2', 1)
('result of linear regress analys tent suggest that patient experienc higher level of crave and poorer cognit function may deriv the greatest benefit from naltrexon versu placebo. for psychotherapi , lower level of verbal learn were associ with poorer drink outcom for relaps prevent therapi but not for support therapy. convers , higher level of verbal learn were associ with better outcom for relaps prevent therapi but not for support therapi . ', '1', 2)
("twelve-step facilit , cognit behavior , and motiv enhanc therapi have produc sustain drink reduct in patient with alcohol dependence. pharmacolog therapi , such as naltrexon and acampros , have been effect in decreas alcohol consumpt when provid along with psychosoci counsel in patient with alcohol dependence. the current review highlight the applic of these new therapi to primari care physician ' effort on behalf of their patient with alcohol problem . ", '1', 0)
('subject were randomli assign to a lithium or placebo treatment condit for 18 month , and were reinterview monthli to document their complianc , drink statu , and mood. two separ factor contribut to abstin outcom : therapeut serum lithium level ( greater than or equal to 0.4 meq/l ) and medic compliance. recommend are propos for studi complianc effect in futur treatment studi . ', '2', 0)
('Lithium therapi ha been shown to have a therapeut influenc in reduc the drink and incapac by alcohol in depress alcohol in a prospect double-blind placebo-control trial conduct over one year , but it had no signific effect on non-depress patients. Patient in the trial treat by placebo had significantli greater alcohol morbid if they were depress than if they were non-depress . ', '1', 3)
('of 70 patient ( 35 placebo ; 35 naltrexon ) who met an a priori definit of complianc ( 80 % tablet consumpt , attend at all follow-up appoint ) , those alloc to naltrexon report consum half the amount of alcohol ( p : < 0.05 ) , had greater median reduct in serum ggt activ ( p : < 0.05 ) , and greater reduct in alcohol crave ( ocd total score : p : < 0.05 ; obsess subscal score : p : < 0.05 ) , compar to patient in the placebo group. use of naltrexon rais no safeti concerns. naltrexon is effect in treat alcohol dependence/abus in conjunct with psychosoci therapi , in patient who compli with treatment . ', '3', 1)
('In thi preliminari investig , treatment of alcohol depend with our model of naltrexon and counsel by primari care provid appear to be both feasibl and effect . ', '3', 0)
('medic interact with the type of psychotherapi received. the cumul rate of abstin wa highest for patient treat with naltrexon and support therapy. for those patient who initi drink , howev , patient who receiv naltrexon and cope skill therapi were the least like to relaps . ', '2', 0)
('Recent report document that naltrexon and acampros are more effect than placebo in the treatment of alcohol justifi clinic interest in use of these medic for alcohol-depend patients. Use of disulfiram is widespread but less clearli support by the clinic trial evid ; howev , target studi on supervis administr of disulfiram may be warranted. Use of exist serotonerg agent or lithium for patient with primari alcohol depend doe not appear to be support by the efficaci data avail at thi time ; these medic may still have a posit effect in patient with coexist psychiatr disord . ', '1', 3)
('of 70 patient ( 35 placebo ; 35 naltrexon ) who met an a priori definit of complianc ( 80 % tablet consumpt , attend at all follow-up appoint ) , those alloc to naltrexon report consum half the amount of alcohol ( p : < 0.05 ) , had greater median reduct in serum ggt activ ( p : < 0.05 ) , and greater reduct in alcohol crave ( ocd total score : p : < 0.05 ; obsess subscal score : p : < 0.05 ) , compar to patient in the placebo group. use of naltrexon rais no safeti concerns. naltrexon is effect in treat alcohol dependence/abus in conjunct with psychosoci therapi , in patient who compli with treatment . ', '3', 1)
('medic interact with the type of psychotherapi received. the cumul rate of abstin wa highest for patient treat with naltrexon and support therapy. for those patient who initi drink , howev , patient who receiv naltrexon and cope skill therapi were the least like to relaps . ', '2', 0)
('Treatment with nalmefen wa effect in prevent relaps to heavi drink rel to placebo in alcohol-depend outpati and wa accompani by accept side effect . ', '3', 0)
('In thi preliminari investig , treatment of alcohol depend with our model of naltrexon and counsel by primari care provid appear to be both feasibl and effect . ', '3', 0)
('Left ventricular eject fraction ( LVEF ) should be measur in all older person with CHF. Underli caus of CHF should be treat when possible. Precipit caus of CHF should be treated. Older person with CHF associ with an abnorm LVEF should be treat with a low sodium diet and with diuret plu angiotensin-convert enzym ( ACE ) inhibitors. If CHF persist , digoxin should be ad to the therapeut regimen. If CHF still persist , isosorbid dinitr plu hydralazin should be added. If CHF still persist , a beta blocker should also be used. Calcium channel blocker should not be used. Older person with CHF associ with a normal LVEF should be treat with a low sodium diet and with diuret plu ACE inhibitors. If CHF persist , a beta blocker or isosorbid dinitr plu hydralazin or a calcium channel blocker should be ad to the therapeut regimen. If sinu rhythm is present , digoxin should not be used. The role of angiotensin II receptor antagonist such as losartan in the treatment of CHF is under investig . ', '1', 4)
('Nonpharmacolog therapi improv function capac , bodi weight , and mood state in patient with congest heart failure. In contrast , digoxin improv eject fraction without correspond chang in exercis toler or qualiti of life . ', '1', 1)
('Base on current avail data , heart failur diseas manag program appear to be a cost-effect approach to reduc morbid and enhanc qualiti of life in select patient with heart failure. Howev , addit studi is need involv larger and more divers popul to defin the optim approach to heart failur diseas manag . ', '2', 0)
('A reduc sodium intak is a broadli effect , nonpharmacolog therapi that can lower BP and control hypertens in older individu . ', '3', 0)
('Reduc sodium intak and weight loss constitut a feasibl , effect , and safe nonpharmacolog therapi of hypertens in older person . ', '3', 0)
('High sodium intak predict mortal and risk of coronari heart diseas , independ of other cardiovascular risk factor , includ blood pressure. These result provid direct evid of the harm effect of high salt intak in the adult popul . ', '0', 0)
('Our analysi indic that high sodium intak is strongli and independ associ with an increas risk of cardiovascular diseas and all-caus mortal in overweight person . ', '0', 0)
('The result of thi systemat review , togeth with data on safeti and cost effect , support the use of intranas corticosteroid over oral antihistamin as first line treatment for allerg rhiniti . ', '3', 0)
('clinic , both mometason furoat and fluticason propion appear to be well toler , to have quick onset of action , and to be equival in efficaci in the treatment of season allerg and perenni rhinitis. of the intranas steroid current avail , mometason furoat ha been shown to have the least system avail and , consequ , is expect to have the fewest system side effects. some suppress of overnight cortisol level ha been report with fluticason propion ( indic of hypothalamic-pituitary-adren axi suppress ) . ', '1', 0)
('Thi intervent significantli reduc asthma health-car util in ETS-expos , low-incom , minor children. Effect size for urin cotinin and proport prohibit smoke were moder to larg but not statist signific , possibl the result of reduc precis due to the loss of patient to activ follow-up. Improv ET reduct intervent and understand their mechan of action on asthma outcom requir further control trial that measur ET exposur and behavior and diseas outcom concurr . ', '2', 3)
('Appli allergen avoid as a treatment for asthma among children live in poverti is difficult becaus of multipl sensit and problem appli the protocol in thi environment. The current result demonstr that home visit posit influenc the manag of asthma among famili live in poverty. Furthermor , the result for children with mite allergi strongli suggest that decreas relev allergen exposur should be an object of treatment in thi popul . ', '2', 0)
('the result of sever studi provid strong evid in support of a role for allergen avoid ; howev , strategi that optim allergen reduct in hous have not been determined. complex issu regard the efficaci of physic and chemic measur that target hous dust mite , pet , and cockroach allergen in the home are discussed. the greatest challeng is to educ allerg patient so that they can play an import role in control their own diseas . ', '1', 1)
('the total number of cancer death wa 68 ( 3.1 % ) in the placebo group and 52 ( 2.3 % ) in the simvastatin group ( rel risk 0.73 , 95 % confid interv 0.51 to 0.05 , p = 0. 087 ) , and the number of noncardiovascular and other death were similar in both groups. we therefor conclud that treatment with simvastatin for up to 8 year in patient with chd is safe and yield continu surviv benefit . ', '3', 0)
('Cholesterol lower with simvastatin produc similar reduct in rel risk for major coronari event in women compar with men and in elderli ( > or = 65 year of age ) compar with younger patients. There were too few femal death to assess the effect on mortal in women. Becaus mortal rate increas substanti with age , the absolut risk reduct for both all-caus and CHD mortal in simvastatin-tr subject wa approxim twice as great in the older patient . ', '2', 0)
('In older patient with coronari heart diseas and averag or moder elev cholesterol level , pravastatin therapi reduc the risk for all major cardiovascular event and all-caus mortality. Sinc older patient are at greater risk than younger patient for these event , the absolut benefit of treatment is significantli greater in older patient . ', '3', 0)
('Treatment with pravastatin significantli reduc the incid of myocardi infarct and death from cardiovascular caus without advers affect the risk of death from noncardiovascular caus in men with moder hypercholesterolemia and no histori of myocardi infarct . ', '3', 2)
('Thi studi demonstr that lovastatin wa extrem well toler in an older cohort , both with regard to symptom and to health-rel qualiti of life . ', '3', 0)
('the total number of cancer death wa 68 ( 3.1 % ) in the placebo group and 52 ( 2.3 % ) in the simvastatin group ( rel risk 0.73 , 95 % confid interv 0.51 to 0.05 , p = 0. 087 ) , and the number of noncardiovascular and other death were similar in both groups. we therefor conclud that treatment with simvastatin for up to 8 year in patient with chd is safe and yield continu surviv benefit . ', '3', 0)
('Cholesterol lower with simvastatin produc similar reduct in rel risk for major coronari event in women compar with men and in elderli ( > or = 65 year of age ) compar with younger patients. There were too few femal death to assess the effect on mortal in women. Becaus mortal rate increas substanti with age , the absolut risk reduct for both all-caus and CHD mortal in simvastatin-tr subject wa approxim twice as great in the older patient . ', '2', 0)
('In older patient with coronari heart diseas and averag or moder elev cholesterol level , pravastatin therapi reduc the risk for all major cardiovascular event and all-caus mortality. Sinc older patient are at greater risk than younger patient for these event , the absolut benefit of treatment is significantli greater in older patient . ', '3', 0)
('no seriou side effect occur , and pravastatin wa gener tolerated. fast hyperinsulinemia ( 11.0 + /- 0.8 v 9.3 + /- 0.7 microu/ml ; p = .06 ) also improv , although not significantli , after 6 month of pravastatin therapy. result from thi studi confirm that a low dose ( 10 mg ) of pravastatin daili is a safe and effect method of reduc plasma total and ldl-cholesterol in hypercholesterolem , hypertens elderli patient who are on concurr antihypertens drug therapi . ', '3', 3)
('there were no seriou side effect , and simvastatin wa gener well tolerated. fast hyperinsulinemia also improv ( -21 % ) after 3 month of simvastatin therapy. result of thi studi confirm that a low dose ( 10 mg ) of simvastatin daili is a safe and effect method of reduc plasma level of total and low-dens lipoprotein cholesterol in hypercholesterolem , hypertens elderli patient receiv concurr antihypertens drug therapi , and that it ha the addit potenti benefit of reduc plasma level of insulin . ', '3', 1)
('success manag of sexual complaint dure antidepress treatment should begin with a systemat approach to determin the type of sexual dysfunct , potenti contribut factor , and final manag strategi that should be tailor to the individu patient. the basic physiolog mechan of the normal sexual phase of libido , arous , and orgasm and how these mechan may be interrupt by some antidepress provid a framework for the clinician to util in order to minim sexual complaint when initi and continu antidepress treatment. thi articl provid guidelin , base upon thi type of model , for the assess , manag , and prevent of sexual side effect associ with antidepress treatment . ', '1', 0)
("a varieti of strategi have been report in the manag of ssri-induc sexual dysfunct , includ wait for toler to develop , dosag reduct , drug holiday , substitut of anoth antidepress drug , and variou augment strategi with 5-hydroxytryptamine-2 ( 5-ht2 ) , 5-ht3 , and alpha2 adrenerg receptor antagonist , 5-ht1a and dopamin receptor agonist , and phosphodiesteras ( pde5 ) enzym inhibitors. sexual side effect of ssri should not be view as entir neg ; some studi have shown improv control of prematur ejacul in men. the impact of sexual side effect of ssri on treatment complianc and on patient ' qualiti of life are import clinic consider . ", '2', 2)
('Bupropion may be an appropri antidepress for patient who develop sexual dysfunct dure fluoxetin treatment or for whom sexual dysfunct is a concern . ', '2', 0)
('In thi sampl of patient with major depress who had recov from sexual dysfunct induc by treatment with sertralin , nefazodon treatment result in significantli less reemerg of sexual dysfunct than did renew treatment with sertralin and provid continu antidepress activ . ', '2', 0)
('success manag of sexual complaint dure antidepress treatment should begin with a systemat approach to determin the type of sexual dysfunct , potenti contribut factor , and final manag strategi that should be tailor to the individu patient. the basic physiolog mechan of the normal sexual phase of libido , arous , and orgasm and how these mechan may be interrupt by some antidepress provid a framework for the clinician to util in order to minim sexual complaint when initi and continu antidepress treatment. thi articl provid guidelin , base upon thi type of model , for the assess , manag , and prevent of sexual side effect associ with antidepress treatment . ', '1', 0)
('the differ between placebo and activ drug treatment wa more pronounc in women than in men. the respons wa obviou dure the first week , with no further improv dure the cours of the study. it is suggest that the effect of buspiron on sexual dysfunct is a result of a revers of ssri-induc sexual side effect rather than of an antidepress effect of the drug . ', '2', 3)
('Neither buspiron nor amantadin wa more effect than placebo in amelior antidepressant-associ sexual dysfunction. All group experienc mark nonspecif improv dure treatment , which suggest the import of placebo-control trial for thi condit . ', '0', 1)
('Futur studi should compar higher dose of bupropion for treat sexual dysfunct and should includ a greater number of subject . ', '1', 0)
('For some patient take sertralin and paroxetin who experi sexual dysfunct side effect , brief drug holiday may allow for signific improv in sexual function without a signific return of depress symptom . ', '3', 1)
('some disord , such as ib and dyspepsia and function abdomin pain , are exact replic of the adult criteria becaus there are enough data to confirm that they repres specif and similar disord in pediatrics. other disord not includ in the pediatr classif , such as function biliari disord , do occur in children ; howev , exist data are insuffici to warrant includ them at the present time. for these disord , it is suggest that , for the time be , clinician refer to the criteria establish for the adult popul . ', '1', 1)
('An algorithm and guidelin for pediatr idiopath constip and soil are present for use by primari care physician . ', '1', 0)
('92 % of the infant in the 2 % group and 91 % in the 4 % group want to continu the allomin-lactulos prepar rather than the usual breast-milk substitute. a retrospect questionnair to parent of 97 infant who had continu with allomin-lactulos 2 % wa answer by 84. ( abstract truncat at 250 word ) ', '1', 1)
('modern medicin ha develop new method for provid nourish to sick newborn and infant to improv their nutrit statu and help them to grow. one such method involv the administr of medium-chain triglycerid ( mct oil ) into the gi tract via a nasogastr or nasoenter tube. the purpos of thi report is to describ a signific complic of thi method of provid nutrit to an infant with gastroesophag reflux ( ger ) and the diagnost dilemma it present . ', '0', 0)
('The guidelin provid will promot safe use of hyperton sodium phosphat enema solut for the treatment of acut constip in children present to the emerg depart . ', '2', 0)
("The interpret of stool frequenc , color , and consist must take into account the infant 's formula type as signific variat in normal infant occur. Parent educ on the rang of infant stool characterist as well as the common occurr of spit , ga , and cri may allevi concern for formula intoler and underli gastrointestin diseas . ", '1', 0)
('In asymptomat patient with aortic stenosi , it appear to be rel safe to delay surgeri until symptom develop. Howev , outcom vari widely. The presenc of moder or sever valvular calcif , togeth with a rapid increas in aortic-jet veloc , identifi patient with a veri poor prognosis. These patient should be consid for earli valv replac rather than have surgeri delay until symptom develop . ', '1', 1)
('In adult with asymptomat AS , the rate of hemodynam progress and clinic outcom are predict by jet veloc , the rate of chang in jet veloc , and function statu . ', '1', 0)
('The preval of mitral regurgit , valvular aortic stenosi , aortic regurgit , hypertroph cardiomyopathi , idiopath dilat cardiomyopathi , and of left ventricular hypertrophi wa not significantli differ in older men and women. Older women had a significantli higher preval of rheumat mitral stenosi , mitral annular calcium , and left atrial enlarg than older men , and older men had a significantli higher preval of abnorm left ventricular eject fraction than older women . ', '1', 2)
('In adult with asymptomat AS , the rate of hemodynam progress and clinic outcom are predict by jet veloc , the rate of chang in jet veloc , and function statu . ', '1', 0)
('The consensu statement provid standard definit for respons and remiss and identifi appropri strategi for the manag of panic disord in a primari care setting. Serotonin select reuptak inhibitor are recommend as drug of first choic with a treatment period of 12 to 24 months. Pharmacotherapi should be discontinu slowli over a period of 4 to 6 month . ', '1', 0)
('Combin imipramin and CBT appear to confer limit advantag acut but more substanti advantag by the end of maintenance. Each treatment work well immedi follow treatment and dure mainten ; CBT appear durabl in follow-up. JAMA. 2000 ; 283 : 2529-2536 ', '2', 0)
('when compar the variou treatment condit , no differ concern panic attack were found. for agoraphob avoid , the combin of antidepress with exposur in vivo wa superior to the other conditions. the combin of antidepress with exposur in vivo is the most potent short-term treatment of pa . ', '3', 1)
('signific differ were found in efficaci on agoraphob measur at follow-up between the combin of antidepress and exposur in vivo versu psycholog panic manag , exposur in vivo , and the combin of psycholog panic manag and exposure. overal , the data suggest that differ treatment option for panic disord with or without agoraphobia are effect at both posttest and follow-up. research on long-term treatment , discontinu of therapi , and intervent between posttest and follow-up need more attent , for pharmacotherapi as well as psychotherapi . ', '2', 1)
('These data indic that rapid stabil of panic symptom can be safe achiev with a sertraline/clonazepam combin , support the clinic util of thi type of regimen for facilit earli improv of panic symptom rel to sertralin alon . ', '3', 0)
('with respect to all major outcom paramet , i.e. , full panic attack , total number of anxieti attack ( full plu mild ) , and anxieti between attack , the effect of clomipramin wa clearli and significantli superior to that of imipramin ( p less than 0.001 , p less than 0.002 , and p less than 0.002 , respect ) . moder intak of diazepam wa allow ; in the clomipramin group ( p less than 0.006 ) , but neither in the imipramin group nor in the placebo group , a signific decrement in diazepam intak wa observ dure the cours of the trial. the find that clomipramin may have a higher potenc and/or efficaci than imipramin in the treatment of panic disord support the concept that the antipan effect of antidepress drug is due to the influenc of these compound on serotonerg rather than noradrenerg neurotransmiss . ', '2', 3)
('howev , paroxetin appear to have a more rapid onset of action than clomipramin in reduc the number of panic attack to zero. there wa an equival improv with both paroxetin and clomipramin in the support efficaci variabl which assess associ aspect of therapeut improvement. significantli more advers effect were report in the clomipramin group compar with the paroxetin group , while there wa no differ between the paroxetin and placebo group . ', '1', 1)
('An effect-s analysi of control studi of treatment for panic disord reveal no signific differ between SSRI and older antidepress in term of efficaci or toler in short-term trials. An invers relationship wa evid between sampl size and effect size for SSRIs. Earli studi of small sampl may have led to initi overestim of the efficaci of SSRI for panic disord . ', '1', 3)
('the serotonin reuptak inhibitor were also significantli superior to both imipramin and alprazolam. the superior of the serotonin reuptak inhibitor remain , but wa less pronounc , when they were compar to the studi which use higher dose of imipramin or alprazolam. these find underscor the import of serotonin reuptak inhibitor in the treatment of panic disord and indirectli add to the evid that serotonerg abnorm may have a role in it etiolog . ', '2', 0)
('The find suggest that exposur treatment can provid last relief to the major of patient with panic disord and agoraphobia. Disappear of residu and subclin agoraphob avoid , and not simpli of panic attack , should be the aim of exposur therapi . ', '3', 1)
('when compar the variou treatment condit , no differ concern panic attack were found. for agoraphob avoid , the combin of antidepress with exposur in vivo wa superior to the other conditions. the combin of antidepress with exposur in vivo is the most potent short-term treatment of pa . ', '3', 1)
('signific differ were found in efficaci on agoraphob measur at follow-up between the combin of antidepress and exposur in vivo versu psycholog panic manag , exposur in vivo , and the combin of psycholog panic manag and exposure. overal , the data suggest that differ treatment option for panic disord with or without agoraphobia are effect at both posttest and follow-up. research on long-term treatment , discontinu of therapi , and intervent between posttest and follow-up need more attent , for pharmacotherapi as well as psychotherapi . ', '2', 1)
('Aminophyllin continu to have a place in the manag of sever acut asthma in children unrespons to initi treatment . ', '2', 0)
('For patient with moder asthma and persist symptom , low-dos inhal budesonid with theophyllin and high-dos inhal budesonid produc similar benefits. Effect were achiev at theophyllin concentr below the recommend therapeut range. The addit of low-dos theophyllin to inhal glucosteroid may be prefer to and cheaper than increas the dose of inhal glucosteroid . ', '3', 0)
("Ad simvastatin to exist treatment safe produc substanti addit benefit for a wide rang of high-risk patient , irrespect of their initi cholesterol concentrations. Alloc to 40 mg simvastatin daili reduc the rate of myocardi infarct , of stroke , and of revascularis by about one-quarter. After make allow for non-compli , actual use of thi regimen would probabl reduc these rate by about one-third. Henc , among the mani type of high-risk individu studi , 5 year of simvastatin would prevent about 70-100 peopl per 1000 from suffer at least one of these major vascular event ( and longer treatment should produc further benefit ) . The size of the 5-year benefit depend chiefli on such individu ' overal risk of major vascular event , rather than on their blood lipid concentr alon . ", '3', 1)
('Fluvastatin treatment in patient with averag cholesterol level undergo their first success PCI significantli reduc the risk of major advers cardiac event . ', '3', 0)
('These result demonstr that the benefit of cholesterol-low therapi extend to the major of patient with coronari diseas who have averag cholesterol level . ', '3', 0)
('Pravastatin therapi reduc mortal from coronari heart diseas and overal mortal , as compar with the rate in the placebo group , as well as the incid of all prespecifi cardiovascular event in patient with a histori of myocardi infarct or unstabl angina who had a broad rang of initi cholesterol level . ', '3', 0)
('thi risk wa also significantli reduc in subgroup consist of women and patient of both sex age 60 or more. other benefit of treatment includ a 37 % reduct ( p < 0.00001 ) in the risk of undergo myocardi revascularis procedures. thi studi show that long-term treatment with simvastatin is safe and improv surviv in chd patient . ', '3', 0)
('Calcium supplement is a simpl and effect treatment in premenstru syndrom , result in a major reduct in overal luteal phase symptom . ', '3', 0)
('Conclus are limit by the low qualiti of most of the trial included. Result suggest that dose of vitamin B-6 up to 100 mg/day are like to be of benefit in treat premenstru symptom and premenstru depress . ', '2', 0)
('Alprazolam ha a role in PM treatment and offer a therapi limit to the luteal phase. Oral micron progesteron is ineffect for PM . ', '1', 0)
('Luteal phase-onli danazol is not effect for the treatment of the gener symptom of premenstru syndrom but appear highli effect for the relief of premenstru mastalgia. Thi approach to therapi is associ with few side effects. Studi of cyclic mastalgia use strict diagnost criteria are requir to see whether the freedom from symptomat side effect is found in longer-term studi and to determin whether such a regimen avoid potenti detriment effect on the lipid statu . ', '1', 1)
('most symptom improv on placebo in the first month but by the third month onli three remain improved. in contrast eight symptom were improv on 200 mg danazol by the third month. by the end of the trial more than 75 % of patient who were still take danazol were essenti free of breast pain , lethargi , anxieti and increas appetit , but result for other common symptom were no better than with placebo . ', '2', 3)
('Alprazolam ha a role in PM treatment and offer a therapi limit to the luteal phase. Oral micron progesteron is ineffect for PM . ', '1', 0)
('The evid from these meta-analys doe not support the use of progesteron or progestogen in the manag of premenstru syndrom . ', '1', 1)
('Vitamin E and vitamin C supplement and specif carotenoid did not seem to substanti reduc risk for stroke in thi cohort. Modest effect , howev , can not be exclud . ', '1', 4)
('Among the high-risk individu that were studi , these antioxid vitamin appear to be safe. But , although thi regimen increas blood vitamin concentr substanti , it did not produc ani signific reduct in the 5-year mortal from , or incid of , ani type of vascular diseas , cancer , or other major outcom . ', '1', 2)
('Vitamin E supplement may prevent ischem stroke in high-risk hypertens patient , but further studi are needed. Arch Neurol. 2000 ; 57 : 1503-1509 ', '2', 0)
('alpha-tocopherol supplement increas the risk of fatal hemorrhag stroke but prevent cerebr infarction. the effect may be due to the antiplatelet action of alpha-tocopherol. beta-caroten supplement increas the risk of intracerebr hemorrhag , but no obviou mechan is avail . ', '1', 1)
('In patient at high risk for cardiovascular event , treatment with vitamin E for a mean of 4.5 year had no appar effect on cardiovascular outcom . ', '1', 1)
('Dietari supplement with n-3 PUFA led to a clinic import and statist signific benefit. Vitamin E had no benefit. It effect on fatal cardiovascular event requir further explor . ', '1', 1)
('The proport of major coronari event in men with a previou myocardi infarct who smoke wa not decreas with either alpha-tocopherol or beta-caroten supplements. In fact , the risk of fatal coronari heart diseas increas in the group that receiv either beta-caroten or the combin of alpha-tocopherol and beta-caroten ; there wa a non-signific trend of increas death in the alpha-tocopherol group. We do not recommend the use of alpha-tocopherol or beta-caroten supplement in thi group of patient . ', '0', 2)
('We conclud that in patient with angiograph proven symptomat coronari atherosclerosi , alpha-tocopherol treatment substanti reduc the rate of non-fat MI , with benefici effect appar after 1 year of treatment. The effect of alpha-tocopherol treatment on cardiovascular death requir further studi . ', '2', 0)
('In patient at high risk for cardiovascular event , treatment with vitamin E for a mean of 4.5 year had no appar effect on cardiovascular outcom . ', '1', 1)
('Among the high-risk individu that were studi , these antioxid vitamin appear to be safe. But , although thi regimen increas blood vitamin concentr substanti , it did not produc ani signific reduct in the 5-year mortal from , or incid of , ani type of vascular diseas , cancer , or other major outcom . ', '1', 2)
('Simvastatin plu niacin provid mark clinic and angiograph measur benefit in patient with coronari diseas and low HDL levels. The use of antioxid vitamin in thi set must be question . ', '2', 0)
('Thi meta-analysi demonstr a clinic and statist signific prevent of bone loss at the lumbar spine and forearm with vitamin D and calcium in corticosteroid treat patients. Becaus of low toxic and cost all patient be start on corticosteroid should receiv prophylact therapi with calcium and vitamin D . ', '3', 0)
('Alendron is an effect , well-toler therapi for the prevent and treatment of glucocorticoid-induc osteoporosi , with sustain treatment advantag for up to 2 year . ', '3', 0)
('Alendron increas bone densiti in patient receiv glucocorticoid therapi . ', '3', 0)
('HRT but not calcitriol could prevent bone loss in young hypogonad women on chronic steroid therapi . ', '3', 1)
('Testosteron treatment revers the deleteri effect glucocorticoid drug on skelet and soft tissu in men . ', '3', 0)
('if bisphosphon therapi is be consid for a premenopaus woman , she must be counsel regard use of appropri contraception. the therapi to prevent or treat glucocorticoid-induc bone loss should be continu as long as the patient is receiv glucocorticoids. data from larg studi of anabol agent ( e.g. , pth ) and further studi of combin therapi in patient receiv glucocorticoid are eagerli await so addit option will be avail for the prevent of thi seriou complic of glucocorticoid treatment . ', '1', 0)
('Calcitonin appear to preserv bone mass in the first year of glucocorticoid therapi at the lumbar spine by about 3 % compar to placebo , but not at the femor neck. Our analysi suggest that the protect effect on bone mass may be greater for the treatment of patient who have been take corticosteroid for more than three months. Efficaci of calcitonin for fractur prevent in steroid-induc osteoporosi remain to be establish . ', '2', 1)
('repetit of the investig show in thi small materi a reduct in the standard error of the mean ( sem ) . repeat the investig reduc the number of patient need in a clinic trial to obtain a statist signific change. the studi show that urodynam investig is a reliabl tool in evalu of patient over a period of year . ', '3', 0)
('Our studi support the idea that in gener practic , or in rather unselect patient , women with urinari incontin may be classifi and treat without urodynam examination. If there is littl or no improv dure the first few month referr should be consid , and thi should be done sooner for patient with sever incontin or prior gynecolog oper than for other patient . ', '2', 2)
('The predict valu of stress symptom alon wa not high enough to serv as the basi for surgic management. Agenc for Health Care Polici and Research guidelin improv the predict valu but were applic to onli a small subset of patient refer with urinari incontin . ', '2', 1)
('Hand symptom diagram , hypalgesia , and thumb abduct strength test are help in establish the [ correct ] electrodiagnosi of CTS. The util of these result is limit , howev , by problem inher in use nerv conduct studi as a criterion standard. JAMA. 2000 . ', '1', 0)
('The degre of interobserv agreement wa highli variabl for differ physic examin findings. The most valuabl examin maneuv in detect pneumonia were unilater rale and rale in the later decubitu position. The tradit chest physic examin is not suffici accur on it own to confirm or exclud the diagnosi of pneumonia . ', '1', 1)
('a review of publish studi of patient suspect of have pneumonia reveal that there are no individu clinic find , or combin of find , that can rule in the diagnosi of pneumonia for a patient suspect of have thi illness. howev , some studi have shown that the absenc of ani vital sign abnorm or ani abnorm on chest auscult substanti reduc the likelihood of pneumonia to a point where further diagnost evalu may be unnecessary. thi articl review the literatur on the appropri use of the histori and physic examin in diagnos community-acquir pneumonia . ', '1', 2)
("comparison of diagnos base on the clinic find with the correct diagnos support by investig show that 28 % of physician ' diagnos were incorrect. the more often the examin differ from the major on the presenc or absenc of a sign , the more like they were to make an incorrect diagnosis. a rank order of the reliabl with which chest sign are elicit would improv the teach of chest medicin . ", '0', 1)
('Colposcopi compar favor with other medic diagnost test in term of sensit , specif , and area under the ROC curve. New diagnost method for the cervix can be compar with colposcopi use these quantifi valu . ', '3', 0)
('Base on these result , consider should be given for earli colposcop examin of patient who have evid of margin involv or endocerv glandular involv with dysplasia. These patient are at increas risk for abnorm cytolog and recurr dysplasia. Thi initi visit should occur at 6 month , as the mean time to recurr of dysplasia wa 6.5 month . ', '1', 0)
('clinic implic of the " cytology-neg abnorm colposcopi and cytology-neg cin " have yet to be determined. the major drawback of primari colposcopi is it low specif with the consequ of high false-posit rate and over-treat in a substanti number of cases. to overcom the problem of low specif , further studi are requir to identifi those atyp colposcop chang that most like repres cin--and high-grad cin in particular . ', '1', 0)
('Insuffici high-qual data exist to estim test oper characterist of new cytolog method for cervic screening. Futur studi of these technolog should appli adequ refer standards. Most studi of the convent Pap test are sever bias : The best estim suggest that it is onli moder accur and doe not achiev concurr high sensit and specificity. Cost-effect model of cervic cancer screen should use more conserv estim of Pap test sensit . ', '1', 1)
Negation Count arrays:
Negative: [1, 1, 0, 2, 7, 4, 3, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 2, 1]
Class average: 1.38811771238
Neutral: [0, 1, 0, 3, 3, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 3, 4, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 2, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 4, 0, 2, 3, 0, 3, 2, 0, 3, 3, 4, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 2, 0, 0, 1, 3, 0, 1, 0, 1, 4, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 0, 0, 1, 2, 0, 0, 1]
Class average: 0.974234072555
Weak Positive: [1, 1, 0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 3, 1, 0, 4, 0, 1, 1, 2, 2, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 3, 0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 3, 0, 0, 1, 3, 0, 1, 0, 0, 3, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 1]
Class average: 0.886162235855
Strong Positive: [1, 2, 2, 0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 3, 0, 3, 3, 0, 0, 0, 4, 0, 2, 2, 0, 0, 0, 3, 0, 2, 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 2, 0, 0, 0, 3, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0]
Class average: 0.712013331313
